{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sprint 5\
\
Time spent: \
15 h\
\
\
What do I want to learn or understand better? Consider e.g. teamwork, Scrum, agile processes, technologies etc?\
Some insight I\'92ve reached is that it\'92s still very hard to estimate the workload of some tasks in comparison to others. For example, the step sensor I\'92ve been working on feels hard since it\'92s not necessarily a \'93lot\'94 of code but the room for errors is extremely small and every bit of code matters a lot. This leads to a scenario where the sensor could either take 10 minutes to complete or 10 hours. \
\
What is my contribution towards the team\'92s deliveries? How can I help my team do better next sprint?\
This week I have worked on a \'93Filemanager\'94 that saves and retrieves data locally to the users device. This is to save information that should be retained between sessions, such as goals and progress. I\'92ve also tried working on the step sensor but so far no tangible progress has been made. \
\
Changes/improvements from last week's reflection?\
Not much, I\'92m still stuck on the step sensor but I managed to completely finish the file manager which felt very good and went relatively smoothly. }